Field types (#9446)
qgis/QGIS-Documentation: docs/user_manual/processing_algs/qgis/vectorgeometry.rst

         By default input field name is kept.

       ``Type`` [enumeration] (``type``)
         Data type of the output field.
         Available types may not be compatible with the output layer provider.

>          Depending on the field type, an additional ``sub_type`` parameter may be required
>          when running the algorithm in Python code or command line.

Reviewer: The content is very technical, which is good for developers or advance users, but it would help to mention that the sub_type parameter is usually managed automatically, so most users won’t need to worry about it (if I understand it correctly).

```suggestion
         For certain field types, like lists, an extra ``sub_type`` parameter helps define the
         specific type of data in the list. 
         This parameter is automatically set in the GUI but may be needed if you're running the
         algorithm in Python or from the command line.
```

Author: Thanks @selmaVH1
I merged then I wondered if this couldn't also be an additional parameter in the list of parameters?
```
``Sub-type`` [enumeration] (``sub_type``)

         For certain field types, e.g. lists, an extra ``sub_type`` parameter helps refine the
         the specific ``type`` of the data. 
         This parameter is automatically set in the GUI but may be needed
         if you're running the algorithm in Python or from the command line.
         One of:

* 2 --- Integer list
* 4 --- Integer (64bit) list
* 6 --- Decimal (double) list
* 10 --- String list
* 0 --- Any other types

Default: 0
```

Reviewer: yes, it's a good idea to add it as an additional parameter (with this additional explanation).

Author: Done. And it looks now as below
![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/58f472f4-4396-422d-8aae-1f5c06f4dc13)
